you know if you buy the android dr. back
again with another video so in this
video I'll be performing a benchmark
test between these two devices here so
on the Left we've got the samsung galaxy
s5 which was last year's flagship by
samsung and to the right here we've got
the brand new samsung galaxy s6 so I'm
i'll be performing a benchmark test
using the quadrant standard application
okay so before I start the test i'm just
going to close down all running
applications just to make sure it's a
fair test so everything's closed let's
just double-check yep okay so let's just
stop both applications okay so i'm going
to run a full benchmark and i'm going to
try pressing both at the same time so
after 3 1 2 4 okay I failed
okay so the test is underwear
you
ok so the s5 finished a few seconds
quicker I mean the s6 sorry ok so let's
have a look at the results on the s5 to
begin with see if i can get my camera to
focus ok so on the s5 was got 20 6522
which is a pretty good score and it
beats the 1x4 asus transformer prime for
motorola atrix 4g the samsung galaxy s
tab 10.1 for samsung galaxy nexus the LG
optimus 2x for HTC Desire HD and it also
beats for samsung mixes s let's have a
look at that score one more time you can
see 26,000 422 which is not bad now
let's have a look at the Beast which is
the samsung galaxy s6 let's check the
results and on vs 6 was scored 37
thousand and A two and as you can see it
beats the 1x4 Asus Transformer Prime the
moral atrix 4g for samsung galaxy tab
10.1 the samsung galaxy nexus for LG
optimus 2x the HTC Desire HD and Samsung
Nexus S so let's just put both phones
side-by-side on last time and have a
look at those scores as you can see
that's quite a big difference twenty-six
thousand four hundred and twenty to
thirty seven thousand and 82 so this
phone here the brand new samsung galaxy
s6 is a beast as you can clearly see
this phone is a powerhouse I love it so
anyway that was it for the benchmark
test if you liked this video be sure to
give it a thumbs up also leave any
comments in the comment section down
below
let me know what you think of the
results and France watching I'm out
doses